TTL changes (#33)
mulesoft/docs-object-store: modules/ROOT/pages/osv2-apis.adoc

endif::[]
:keywords: osv2, os2, object store, store, rest, apis

> Anypoint Object Store v2 (Object Store v2) provides a REST API that enables you to get and store `key,list` values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint Object Store v2 (Object Store v2) provides a REST API that enables you to get and store `key,value` pairs.
```

|POST |

* Object Store:

> ** TTL in seconds for the object store. The maximum TTL is 2,592,000 seconds (30 days). See xref:osv2-faq.adoc#how-long-can-data-persist-in-object-store-v2[How long can data persist in Object Store v2?]

Reviewer: 30 days is both the maximum AND the default.

> ** TTL in seconds for the object store. The default and maximum TTL is 2,592,000 seconds (30 days). See xref:osv2-faq.adoc#how-long-can-data-persist-in-object-store-v2[How long can data persist in Object Store v2?]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
** TTL, in seconds, for the object store. The default and maximum TTL is 2,592,000 seconds (30 days). See xref:osv2-faq.adoc#how-long-can-data-persist-in-object-store-v2[How long can data persist in Object Store v2?]
```
OR
```suggestion
** TTL for the object store, in seconds. The default and maximum TTL is 2,592,000 seconds (30 days). See xref:osv2-faq.adoc#how-long-can-data-persist-in-object-store-v2[How long can data persist in Object Store v2?]
```
